[Music]
hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 2018 comedy-drama film green
book so let's get started we will do our
best to make sure we do summaries for
all the 2019 ask for Best Picture
nominees before the awards check out the
playlist above for more nominees
summaries the film opens in 1960s New
York with bouncer frank tony lip val and
long searching for a new job while the
coca-cola undergoes renovations he is
interviewed to be a driver by famed
black pianist Doc Don Shurley who will
be doing an 8 week long tour throughout
the deep south the plan is to return by
christmas tony has given a copy of the
green book which is a guide for black
travelers of motels restaurants and gas
stations that serve blacks as many
businesses in this region of the country
won't serve them the tour begins well
and the movie goes on a bit like a buddy
cop film tony is a bit too gruff and
rough and Doc is a bit too refined over
time they grow closer Tony is impressed
with Doc's talent and becomes appalled
by how racist people can be towards Doc
the second he leaves the stage doc is
attacked at a bar one night and Tony
saves him saying that doc should never
go anywhere without him throughout the
journey doc helps Tony write letters to
his wife which deeply moves her later
doc has a homosexual encounter which
nearly gets him arrested but Tony bribes
the police Tony and Doc are later
arrested in another city while driving
after Tony punches an offer for
insulting him doc ends up calling the
Attorney General Robert F Kennedy who
orders the governor to release Doc Tony
is amazed but doc feels humiliated after
having to make the call this leads to an
argument where Tony states that he is
blacker than Doc is and where doc
explains that he doesn't feel like he
belongs anywhere because white people
hate him because he is black and he
feels like he can't identify with the
people of his own race either on the
night of the final performance in
Birmingham Alabama doc has refused entry
to a white only dining room the same
room that he will be performing in just
a few minutes later doc refuses to play
Tony and him go to a predominantly black
blues club where doc plays onstage for a
bit
the two head back in a terrible
snowstorm and make it home by Christmas
Eve Tony invites da Cup which at first
doc is reluctant but he ends up being
welcomed by the whole family for dinner
as the film ends so that was the
spoilers for the Green Book if you have
another film you'd like to see me spoil
please let me know in the comments below
check out movie spoilers on our social
media and remember to Like and subscribe
thanks for watching